# HCI_SpeechToTextSite
Title Paper: Technology Assisted Navigation in Public Spaces for Hard of Hearing People
Abstract: Physiological computing comprises of developing user-interfaced technology that would benefit human needs. Advancement in the technology not only created the interdisciplinary field researchers know today as human-computer interaction (HCI), but it opened the door to aiding those lacking in personal resources to complete daily tasks. More specifically, user-interfaced technology has been helping those hard of hearing people navigate in public spaces. Deaf and hard of hearing people cannot hear loudspeaker announcements, thus they face an added difficulty when trying to utilize public transportation. Through a comprehensive literature review, we concluded that no efficient mobile application exists to solve this problem. In this paper, we tackle the issue about navigating public space while considering those without hearing. We establish a plan to gain insight knowledge on hard of hearing individuals, create a wireframe example for a prototype application, and develop the application upon receiving proposed modifications from the hard of hearing community. The underlying goal is to create an application that would provide real time translation of announcements onto users’ mobile phones. This would allow deaf and hard of hearing people to be aware of their surroundings and navigate public transportation with ease.

Contributors: Forough Jafari, Jacquelyn Brozyna, Sneha Sarkar
